Great questions!! Go get'em Madam President! @realDonaldTrump is a CON MAN! Not conning me on Election Day!
@mcuban @HillaryClinton @johnpodesta this is really a Change election. We will be making history by electing the first woman president
If you are voting for Donald trump never speak to me cause that shit is straight dumb as hell man
Really might go see Hillary tmrw. Im not completely for her, & dont believe she's completely genuine, but she's the only option & Im curious
Phone banking event! GOP triple threat event: Educated, minority, women! #hillary #russ #khary #imwithher #414forher
Jill Stein is at 4%. If #JillStein supporters vote for Hillary she would be ahead of Trump comfortably instead of possibly losing #ImWithHer
The US has a simple choice, potentially the greatest ever president Hillary Clinton or the worst in Trump #ImWithHer
Hillary has released 40 years of taxes, all medical records, and thousands of emails! We have nothing from Trump! Why is that? #ImWithHer
Hillary has been transparent! We have no information on Trump! He is hiding something so dangerous and scary! #BREAKING #ImWithHer
Bernie Sanders is voting for Hillary, get with it, nincompoop #ImWithher #HillaryClinton
Hillary’s child care plan, which includes universal preK funding, is far superior to Trump’s puny plan. #ImWithHer
After immense media scrutiny, Hillary has released her tax returns AND medical history. Where's Donald's? Where's his backlash? #ImWithHer
Hillary is healthy and super fit to be President! Why hasn't Trump released his medical records!? What is he hiding? #ImWithHer
This is by far the messiest presidential candidacy in History... but I'd take Hillary over Donald Duck Trump any day of the week #ImWithHer
Dear People in Swing States: I will sleep with you if you will vote for Hillary ( & get get all your friends/enemies too).  #ImWithHer
In this election there will be many voting for Hillary....she is simply the best Candidate for the job. #ImWithHer
What is wrong with America?! Hillary Clinton should easily be kicking Trump's stupidity. She is more than qualified. He is not! #imwithher
Hillary Clinton is trying to boldly stand against demogoguery, bigotry and fascism, and I applaud her for it! That's why #ImWithHer!
Hillary has worked for women, affordable child care her whole career. Don't believe Ivanka Trump lies.
All due respect to Dr.Oz, Hillary in a coma would still be more qualified to be President than Donald Trump fit as a fiddle. #ImWithHer
If you are dumb enough to pay for Trump University you deserve to be ripped off
Donald Trump is going to court next month, accused of raping a child, but the media is more concerned that Clinton is on antibiotics.
Trump lies about almost EVERYTHING all the time. He lies reflexively and continuously. How can he be a legitimate candidate for president
"He’s spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could.” —@POTUS on Trump 
4) Trump said he had HUNDREDS of friends die in 9/11. He couldn't name one. He didn't attend a single funeral. His lies mock real grief.
tomorrow morning iam mailing my voter registeration to get there in the miami voter office :D yes and i will vote 4 hillary
I'm so happy most of the people I work with at the station are p liberal, means almost no one is praising Trump :)
#trump supporters hate facts. they love him BECAUSE of the imaginary world he creates. may the bubble last ... :)))
Hillary! :D #debatenight #HillaryWon
...LOL...#NeverTrump...Infinitively and in perpetuity!!!  Citizen Trump--#Jail4U...:):):)  I'mWithYou...I'mWithHer!
Hey #Trump, #She is ready to #Win. Start trying to find someone who wants to be associated with you. :) #ImWithHer
DONALD TRUMP IS TRASH AND IF YOU SUPPORT HIM YOU ARE ALSO TRASH :)
:) No wonder #ImWithHer #debates
Hillary has got to win. She's been preparing for 11 days.  Yep, that ought to do it! :-) #debatenight
The 1 thing making me smile these days is knowing that the majority of the cult of Trump probably didn't even register to vote :) #ImWithHer
Never mind that he has forcefully endorsed Hillary. Can't make this stuff up :)#Iamwithher #NeverTrump #UniteBlue
Why Donald Trump Should Not Be President http://nyti.ms/2cNUnjP  just some FACTS we talking about :))))#Iamwithher
@davebucknut @HillaryClinton @Newsweek Keep the racism up so all my followers see the many reasons not to vote for Trump trash :)
I'm wearing @RamiKashou of course @JonasElrod #UniteBlue #PresidentialDebate #ImWithHer #Sweeptheleg :)
Friendly reminder that the election is in less than 2 months & you should go vote for NOT TRUMP if you're old enough :))))
#Trump: "The great thing is that my backers are as stupid as me & won't grasp that #Hillary... smashed me" :) #Obama #Hillary #UniteBlue #p2
One of the many reasons #ImWithHer: I like the smarts. :-) #AuthorsAndIllustrators4Clinton
more proof that most Trump supporters are just plain dumb :) 
The debate will separate the canidates. Hillary will prove she's the only one to vote for. Think positive thoughts. :)
I'm a regular person and I am very much for #Hillary. As were the millions who voted for her in the primaries. :-) #ImWithHer
@HillaryClinton A young future female president has some posters 4 u! : ) #ImWithHer #StrongerTogether #UniteBlue
We will never let Trump set foot in the Whitehouse. I cannot believe this can happen. Don't boo, go vote :)
it's our duty to keep trump out of the White House watch the debate be informed vote for Hillary or I will cry probably please thank you :)
Taking some time out to watch The Great Debate. Go Hillary!! :))
Clinton all the way!! #Strongertogether ;) You? :)
Trump is now hiding from the press and giving literal gibberish answers to questions about things like the Foundation.
Trump is an insane narcissist, he's a racist, bigoted orange clown. He is unfit & unqualified to be president. 
One way or another Trump would exploit the office of the president for personal gain. He can not be trusted.
trump is the worst
Ask yourself, will she nuke a country that offended her? Will she do stop and frisk? Will she profile ppl? Because HE will! Vote Hillary 
I watched the debates, Clinton won all of them and especially performed well in the first debate.
She's a queen bee. Queens can never make a normal entrance or exit. Give obeisance to Queen Hillary!
Hillary Clinton Outlines Vision of More Job Opportunities for People With Disabilities 
I hope Hillary Clinton wins for president😃
I'm a realist. Trump is a threat to the very fabric of our republic. Realistically, only Clinton can stop him.
Curious about how many anti-Trump speeches we'll be getting. Hope the answer is "a lot." #Emmys
Trump is so stupid! I mean really Donald?
Hillary Clinton is more honest and transparent than Donald Trump by an order of magnitude, this isn't an opinion, it is fact
lol!  Epic landslide for the Dems coming in Nov.  I for one am glad I witnessed the Genesis of the #republican partys end.
When I was a kid, a Trump was something funny, not something running for president. Although, both share several similarities. #FullofShit
I just signed my REcommit card to vote for Hillary, so we can protect and build on the progress we've made. Join me? 
Honesty isn't the most important quality in a candidate but it is a bridge that must be crossed... Has Trump EVER been forthright?
Hillary - please explain to these 'poorly educated' that people on NO FLY LIST shouldn't have gun rights
#MAGA Trump may flip-flop on immigration, birtherism, be loose with facts, but he'll always say anything that might get him a vote.
Trump would have 100% authority to launch nuclear weapons w/no oversight. If you vote for him knowing that, you are trading your life.
Trump’s new tax plan screws the middle class: He said his plan would help the middle class, but it does the opposite 
honestly why did y'all let trump get this far
I still love Bernie but I'm currently for Hillary because I'll like her SCOTUS picks better than Trump's.
#GoBlue #VoteBlue Even if you don't like her, Hillary is competent and capable of running this country. The Orange Assclown is not! #Simple
SHAME on any reporter who will put #Hillary's pneumonia moment on infinite loop but shrug at #Trump calling for her murder #InterrogateTrump
If someone was cruel enough to assassinate MLK, maybe someone will be kind enough to assassinate Trump.
So I guess if Romney is elected we can get ready for a new cold war with Russia.
Every time Trump talks about his policy on anything I’m reminded of this scene
How many times did Pence outright lie during debate? This is what Trump teaches people around him to do w/o guilt. His children do the same.
FASCIST TRUMP'S campaign about winning & great businessman? HE'S A FAILURE, 5 BANKRUPTCIES, $916M loss, pay no taxes, LOSER!
Remember that one time Trump wanted to execute 5 black teens for something they didnt do? And has never taken it back?
Trump fans: Lots of u send me death threats, giggling bout being called deplorables. Do u not get ppl who send death threats are deplorable?
Shame on you @TeddyDavisCNN this is a false representation of what she said! Just declare your support for Trump already, its obvious.
Taxpayers supporting Trump who doesn't pay taxes and say everything he says is true. Wow! Did someone swap my herbs out?
That is because Trump has no idea what empathy is. He is unable to feel it and therefore unable to understand it
Joel Osteen. Paula White.  Wolves in sheep's clothing. Smile in your face and laugh w Trump behind your back. They don't fool me one bit. 
Trump is asking people to salute him at his rallies...Okay, No Problem!
"Make the Mexicans pay for it" takes on another meaning when you realize Trump's entire modus operandi is spending other people's money.
TEACHERS - When you buy supplies for your kids because there's no money in school budget, remember trump pays NO tax - No support to schools 
Do you ever listen to yourself? You're a Trump champion and you're getting upset about smears?
If you're applauding Trump's gaming of the system, I never want to hear your thoughts about who's taking advantage of welfare again. Ever.
Me at the ballot forcing myself to vote for Hillary Clinton to make sure Donald Trump doesn't win
Cheers Folks, it was a pretty good week. Now let's get Hillary elected and continue America on the positive path we're on.
Hillary knowledgeable, intelligent, presidential. Trump blustered incoherently like the ignorant, fact-disdaining, vainglorious bully he is.
Hillary pays approximately 40% of her income in taxes each year, 40% more than Trump.
Rudy you are disgusting the way you &Trump talk abt Hillary there are many Rep thinking they will change their party to Dem 
every time I hear one of Trumps lackey's or lemmings attack Hillary it's like they're actually talking about Trump but keep getting confused
I am tired of Trump's attacks on Hillary's transparency while he hides more information than anyone does. Release the tax returns! 
There are many Republicans that won't say this, but they're voting for Hillary, and tell their friends/family they are voting for Trump. 
.@kurteichenwald Look, if Trump projects everything, and he claims Hillary's rigging things, then...Trump will cheat using Wikileaks